Back in the project let's start with this next conflict file.
This file is used whenever you run NPM run death or all later when you run the Obert build command.
You have to prepare your application for deployment and the settings there are taken into account during
the belt process.
Do these settings here play a crucial role in what gets rendered out by next day can change the content
of the pages which are created and that can also change some of the bill's settings like optimisation
settings you might enable.
So let's have a look at this fall.
The site's going for does fall here where you always see some of the settings.
You also might want to check out the official Nax documentation you can find it on next.
J.S. dot org.
There you'll find this configuration point.
And chances are that the page looks a bit differently when you're viewing this because the next team
is still working on it.
But the general structure should be the same and there should be some configuration guide.
Now if you click on it you'll see all the possible settings you can find.
And you always get links which you can click on to find very detailed instructions on how to adjust
every tiny piece except that to your needs.
Obviously we can't go through all of that but I want to go through some of the settings at least in
the next conflict file.
Let's start with the moat.
The moat is set to universal because I've picked this as a mode when I created the project with Create
next app.
The alternative would be as a for single page application.
Now universal simply means that we take advantage of next prae rendering capabilities where it renders
the view views on the server already whereas SBA means we just take advantage of this configuration
by folder approach Naks gives us we take advantage of all the optimizations that does.
But we don't use the service side pretty rendering.
We just get a static normal single page application just as if we had not used next.
But of course with the benefits of the next conference on as I just mentioned.
So these are the two modes and you can pick whichever you will need or whichever you want do you want
to pre-rendered capabilities then you should set this to universal Do you not.
Didi's do you just want to create SBA with the additional next features and the ease of use X gives
you then you should set this to SBA the head section is an interesting one in the head section you can
find some general data that should be written to the head of any rendered page.
So we've had I mean DHV email head element and head area.
Every document has whatever goes into the next conflict is added to every single page to the head.
For example the title here is always set to the package name and package simply as the package deal
Jason.
But you can of course change this here so we could set this to W D block here.
For web development block and now with that if we save this and we don't even need to restart the server
we always see that if we restart the page or reload the page title here at the top and the tab did change
to W.D. block then we all have that Medha rate where we can simply define Mehta text that should be
added to the head section and the approach always is to put it into a javascript object where you basically
reflect the attributes of the meta tags.
So like the name attribute and then the content to set the default viewport and the description which
is all the pulled out of the package took chase in this case we could of course also adjust the description
here and say my cool web development lark with that if we save this we will see that change once we
reload the page and inspect the page source code there in the head section at the top.
It's a bit hard to read because it's all inline but there you see that description tag with daemonic
will web development block content.
So this is how you can adjust DS Maira attacks which are of course important for search engine optimizations
for share ability why of Facebook and Twitter.
So that is how you can configure this and you can also easily include links here for example so you
can include links to our CDN hosted resources if you wanted to be there like.
Well basically what you can already see here behind the scenes does head configuration here is using
the view Maeder package to which you find a link at the end of this module in case you want to learn
more about it and more about the settings you can set here because it's more than just title merda and
link.
So definitely check the last lecture in this module to learn more.
Speaking of that head area you're not limited to some general settings next conflict here.
DS settings are applied to every page and first some settings.
We want this but sometimes you also want to overwrite this for specific pages or you just want to set
certain tags or some elements on certain pages and you can always do that on any page component and
only on page components not on average components not on the default components.
So on any page component you can go in like let's say for a single post under the ID folder and you
can add a head property to your data here to your component object not head her head and in there you
can now again set things like the title here for example we could set up a blog post as a title.
Now if that if we save this and we go back and click click on a single post and reload this page we
see ablock post as the title in the tab up here.
So this is how we can override these settings on a per page level.
And of course not just a title but of course any of the settings that can be set with you.
So that is the head section.
Now in the next lecture I want to cover the average configurations we can adjust in the next config
file.